[docs] Improvements (#1376)
huggingface/datasets-server: docs/source/quick_start.mdx

</curl>
</inferencesnippet>

> You;ll see the following error if you're trying to access a gated dataset without providing your user token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll see the following error if you're trying to access a gated dataset without providing your user token:
```
